add sentry-testkit docs section in Javascript platform (#706)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/sentry-testkit.md

### This is where Sentry Testkit comes in!
[Sentry Testkit](https://wix.github.io/sentry-testkit/) is a Sentry plugin to allow intercepting Sentry's report and further inspection of the data being sent. It enables Sentry to work natively in your application, and by overriding the default Sentry transport mechanism, the report is not really sent but rather logged locally into memory. In this way, the logged reports can be fetched later for your own usage, verification, or any other use you may have in your local developing/testing environment.

### Getting Started
#### Installation
```
npm install sentry-testkit --save-dev
```

#### Using in tests
```javascript
const sentryTestkit = require('sentry-testkit')

const { testkit, sentryTransport } = sentryTestkit()

// initialize your Sentry instance with sentryTransport
Sentry.init({
    dsn: 'some_dummy_dsn',
    transport: sentryTransport,
    //... other configurations
})

// then run any scenario that should call Sentry.catchException(...)

expect(testKit.reports()).toHaveLength(1)
const report = testKit.reports()[0]
expect(report).toHaveProperty(...)

> ```

Reviewer: Can you run the code through the https://prettier.io/playground/ ? It'll unify it's syntax with the rest of the docs. Also `toHaveProperty` should use something meaningful, so you can actually copy/paste this code and run it to see if it works.

Author: prettified!

> You may see more usage examples in the testing section of this repository as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may see more usage examples in the [testing section](https://github.com/wix/sentry-testkit/tree/master/test) of sentry-testkit repository as well.
```

> #### Test Kit API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Testkit API
```

> Sentry testkit consists of a very simple and strait-forward API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry Testkit consists of a very simple and straightforward API.
```

> See full API description and documentation in [Sentry Testkit Docs](https://wix.github.io/sentry-testkit/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the full API description and documentation in [Sentry Testkit Docs](https://wix.github.io/sentry-testkit/).
```
